CMP-1619 File Integrity Operator updates (#51764)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/file-integrity-important-attributes.adoc

checks on a node can be resource intensive, so it can be useful to specify a
longer interval. Defaults to `900`, or 15 minutes.

|`maxBackups`

> |The maximum number of AIDE database and log backups (leftover from the re-init process) to keep on a node. Older backups beyond this number are automatically pruned by the daemon.

Reviewer: Do we ever define AIDE? It might be so common in industry someone (but not me) just knows.

Author: Yes - it's defined in the "Understanding" page. Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment (AIDE)

> |The maximum number of AIDE database and log backups (leftover from the re-init process) to keep on a node. Older backups beyond this number are automatically pruned by the daemon.

Reviewer: Per ISG we're available parenthesis where ever possible.

|`spec.config.name`

> | Name of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. A default configuration is created if omitted.

Reviewer: We've adopted _config map_ for this.

Is the default configuration actually created or does it just use some default configuration options?

> | Name of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. A default configuration is created if omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. If omitted, a default configuration is created.
```

|`spec.config.namespace`

> |Namespace of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. A default configuration would is if omitted.

Reviewer 2: is created*?

> |Namespace of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. A default configuration is created if omitted.

Reviewer: A default configuration is used if the _namespace_ is omitted?

Or does it use some default namespace to look for the config map object if not specified? Looks like the answer was here:

> When the name
> or namespace are unset, the File Integrity Operator generates a configuration
> suitable for {op-system} systems.

> |Namespace of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. A default configuration is created if omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Namespace of a configMap that contains custom AIDE configuration. If unset, the FIO generates a default configuration suitable for {op-system} systems.
```

|`spec.config.key`

> |The key that contains the actual AIDE configuration in a configMap specified by `Name` and `Namespace`. Defaults to `aide.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Key that contains actual AIDE configuration in a config map specified by `name` and `namespace`. The default value is `aide.conf`.
```
